For my previous offense against you, Mr. Huo,
I hope you can overlook
my mistake.
Who told you to call me Mr. Huo?
Then what should I call you?
You can call me by my name directly.
Do you know about Wu Tai’s
situation?
Mm.
How did you know?
In Rome,
there’s nothing I don’t know.
I just heard
the leader of DS International arranged to meet you.
So?
When you meet with him,
could you talk to them
and ask them to release Wu Tai?
Why should I help you save him?
Let me phrasing it differently.
If I help him,
what’s in it for me?
I can break up with him?
Didn’t you want me to break up with him?
Ji Lingling,
you don’t think I’d go through
all this trouble
just to make you break up with him, do you?
Then what do you want?
I thought you’d figured it out.
Did you team up with DS International’s
people to kidnap Wu Tai?